OBSDOCS-552:  sample service config for Cluster Observability Operator tech preview (#67608)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-specifying-how-a-service-is-monitored-by-cluster-observability-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// monitoring/cluster-observability-operator/configuring-the-cluster-observability-operator-to-monitor-a-service.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="specifying-how-a-service-is-monitored-by-cluster-observability-operator_{context}"]
= Specifying how a service is monitored by Cluster Observability Operator

To use the metrics exposed by the sample service you created in the "Deploying a sample service for Cluster Observability Operator" section, you must configure monitoring components to scrape metrics from the `/metrics` endpoint. 

> You can create this configuration by using a `ServiceMonitor` custom resource definition (CRD) that specifies how the service should be monitored, or a `PodMonitor` CRD that specifies how a pod should be monitored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create this configuration by using a `ServiceMonitor` custom resource (CR) that specifies how the service should be monitored, or a `PodMonitor` CR that specifies how a pod should be monitored. 
```
I think someone else mentioned this during their review also, pretty sure these are CRs instead of CRDs, or you could just use "object" across the board for consistency?

Author: QE says [here](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/67608#discussion_r1395149438) that "Both `ServiceMonitor` and `PodMonitor` are CRDs, here you create CRs based these CRD"

Author: But I'm going to change these both to "object" to be consistent with the other sections. Thanks!

This procedure shows how to create a `ServiceMonitor` object for a sample service named `prometheus-coo-example-app` in the `ns1-coo` namespace.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` cluster role or as a user with administrative permissions for the namespace.
* You have installed the Cluster Observability Operator.
* You have deployed the `prometheus-coo-example-app` sample service in the `ns1-coo` namespace.
+
[NOTE]
====
The `prometheus-coo-example-app` sample service does not support TLS authentication. 
====

.Procedure

. Create a YAML file named `example-coo-app-service-monitor.yaml` that contains the following `ServiceMonitor` object configuration details:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: monitoring.rhobs/v1alpha1
kind: ServiceMonitor
metadata:
  labels:
    k8s-app: prometheus-coo-example-monitor
  name: prometheus-coo-example-monitor
  namespace: ns1-coo
spec:
  endpoints:
  - interval: 30s
    port: web
    scheme: http
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: prometheus-coo-example-app
----
+

> This defines a `ServiceMonitor` resource that scrapes the metrics exposed by the `prometheus-coo-example-app` sample service, which includes the `version` metric.

Author: @lihongyan1 
I made changes that I think should address this issue. Can you please review again? Thanks.
